XALT Acknowledgments

We would like to acknowledge various individuals and their organizations 
for providing valuable feedback and ideas on the project.

Doug James, TACC: 
	Doug James has been instrumental in the formation of the XALT
project itself.  Doug has provided guidance and project oversight.
Without Doug, XALT might not have happened.

Bill Barth, TACC
	Bill Barth has also provided project guidance and also technical
suggestions. 


Bilel Hadri, KAUST
	Bilel Hadri worked on ALTD while at NICS, and then while at
KAUST did a valuable port of ALTD to an IBM BG computer.  He has
provided valuable feedback over the years.

Tim Robinson, CSCS
	Tim Robinson has provided valuable comments over the years on
issues with ALTD and more recently XALT.  Tim and CSCS also modified
ALTD years ago to store more run time information - again a lesson we
applied for XALT learning from CSCS and the Lariat project at TACC. 

Zhengji Zhao, Helen He, and Richard Gerber, NERSC
	Zhengji Zhao has provided feedback dating back to the prototype
ALTD, as NERSC installed ALTD.  Zhengji Zhao made some changes to ALTD
including using their own file method to stage information to the
database as well as independently implementing their own use of uuid.
NERSC also first used the data from ALTD to help users know how they
previously built executables months earlier.  And NERSC also provided
examples that we have shown in several BoFs to demonstrate the many uses
of XALT (and ALTD.)

Reuben Budiardja and Lonnie Crosby, NICS
	Reuben Budiardja has contributed fixes and new code to XALT
primarily with regard to Cray XC series computers.  Lonnie Crosby also
provided the idea of using pstree to walk the process tree to get the
compiler that invoked the linker. 

Georg Rath, Vienna 
	Georg Rath contributed code directly to the github repo.  He
improved the pstree code to work in more generic cases.  Furthermore, to
make XALT able to speak with other databases than MySQL and to make life
easier when working with databases, Georg refactored XALT to use
SqlAlchemy, which is an object-relational-mapper, to basically map
classes to database tables.

Julius Westerman, LANL
	Julius Westerman was a alpha tester of XALT.  Provided a new
platform unavailable to the developers.

Prasad Maddumage, Florida State
	Prasad Maddumage was an alpha tester of XALT and reported
several bugs.  This was quite instrumental in helping make sure XALT was
more production ready.


There have been many others that have provided feedback during our BoFs
and we wish to thank them for their suggestions.  We apologize that we
don't know everyone's name.

